HTML, CSS, Javascript

Internet
    The early days of the Internet:
    The internet started by connecting universities with ArpaNet

    Routing decisions and routers:

    Data takes routes. That's why it's called a router.
    Data can take different paths from A to B.

    TCP/IP:
    They do 2 things:
        IP: Internet Protocol. Allow computers to know how to address information. They're protocols full of conditionals.
        IP decides that every computer of the world have a unique address. #.#.#.# Dotted decimal notation.
        The numbers uniquely identify computers around the world. Each number goes up to 255. An IP address is 32 bits in total.
        We can have a total of 4 billion computers on the internet at once. There's a newer version of IP called IPv6 that uses 128 bits.

        TCP: Transmission Control Protocol. Set of conventions to solve problems like figuring out what type of internet service is received.

        80 HTTP
        443 HTTPS
        443 Is the port number. It goes after the IP address.
        ...

        1.2.3.4.443

        TCP also can allow you to take a big file and fragment it into pieces.
        A router can drop a packet of data if it's really busy. If the receiving router is missing a packet of data, it can ask the other router to
        just resend the missing packet instead of the whole file.


    Internet needs to be user-friendly:

        We can convert strings to IP addresses with DNS Domain Name System. It can do it viceversa.
        DNSs hold a kind of hash tables with keys and values with Domain Names and IP Addresses

        Fully Qualified Domain Names: www.google.com
        Domain Name: google.com

HTTP: Hyper Text Transfer Protocol
    It's a service that runs on top the internet. HTTP is the application level protocol. The internet is the "underlying plumbing".

    https://www.example./

    A single slash means "give me that page default". Hitting enter implies having the slash.

    https://www.example.com/path
    https://www.example.com/folder/file.html

    .com is the Top Level Domain (TLD)
    .com meant commercial.
    CCTLD Country Code Top Level Domain .uk .es .us, etc.
    Nowadays TLDs and CCTLDs usually mean where the Domain is located.

    WWW is the host name.
    HTTPS is the protocol to use to access the content in that address. 